c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LotoApp\LotoApp\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LotoApp\LotoApp\bin\LotoApp.dll.config
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LotoApp\LotoApp\bin\LotoApp.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LotoApp\LotoApp\bin\LotoApp.pdb
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LotoApp\LotoApp\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LotoApp\LotoApp\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LotoApp\LotoApp\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LotoApp\LotoApp\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LotoApp\LotoApp\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LotoApp\LotoApp\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LotoApp\LotoApp\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LotoApp\LotoApp\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LotoApp\LotoApp\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LotoApp\LotoApp\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LotoApp\LotoApp\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LotoApp\LotoApp\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LotoApp\LotoApp\obj\Debug\LotoApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LotoApp\LotoApp\obj\Debug\LotoApp.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LotoApp\LotoApp\obj\Debug\LotoApp.pdb
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LotoApp\LotoApp\bin\Library.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LotoApp\LotoApp\bin\Library.pdb
